## 08-26-2022
---
### Daily Metrics
---
### Tasks:
- [ ] Atomize daily notes.
---
### Ideas:
- Idea.
---
### Notes:
- 1575 Data Structures and Algorithms:
	- Pointers:
		- Uses:
			1. As an alias to another variable
			2. Dynamic memory
				- new:
					> int* p = new int; 
					> *p = 42;
					- new allocates a variables of a given type and returns its address.
				- delete:
					> delete p;
					> p = NULL;
					- The variable pointed to by p is flagged as unused.
				- NOTE: p is static (variables that stores the address), the variable it points to is dynamic and anonymous.
		- Memory:
			> int x;
			- Static variables are explicitly defined and have names and fixed types.
		- Problems with pointers:
			- Dangling pointer:
				- Using a pointer with an invalid address. This can happen when calling a pointer after it has been reallocated, not correctly initializing a pointer, using a NULL pointer, or a "double free".
			- Memory Leak:
				- When dynamic memory becomes inaccessible/unreachable.
				> int *p;
				> p = new int;
				> p = new int;
				- The second line of this code allocates an address and the third line changes the address stored in the pointer without deallocating the memory from the second line.
- 2210 Introduction to Digital Logic:
	- Converting from Binary to Octal and Hexadecimal (Fast Method):
		 1. Take a given binary number and starting from the decimal group bits into groups of 3 (in the case of octal) or 4 (hexadecimal.) Add any necessary leading zeros.
		 2. Convert each group of bits into the corresponding decimal value. In the case of Hexadecimal remember to convert 10 - 15 to the corresponding letter.
	- Fractions:
		- Successive Multiplication:
			- Example: Convert 0.6875(b10) to base2.
				> 1. 0.6875*2= 1.375
				> 2. 0.375*2=0.75
				> 3. 0.75*2=1.5
				> 4. 0.5*2=1.0
				> 5. $0.6875_{(10)} = 0.1011_{(2)}$
- 31133 Applied Engineering Statistics:
	- Lecture 2A and 2B:
		- Factor: The controllable variables associated with an experiment.
		- Levels of a factor: Discrete variations of a given factor.
		- Treatment: The combination of factor levels given to a experimental unit.
		- Experimental Unit: Individuals on whom or which we experiment.
		- Responses: Observed outcomes. Should be quantitative when possible.
		- Confounding: Occurs when the effect of one factor cannot be distinguished from another.
		- The Three Principles of Experiment Design:
			1. Control: Controlling other sources of variation apart from those which we are testing.
			2. Randomize: Subjects should be assigned treatments at random as it equalizes the effects of uncontrollable sources of variation. 
			3. Replicate: In order to estimate the variability of our measurements we must replicate each treatment multiple times.
		-  Completely Randomized Design:
			- 
	- Lecture 3:
		- Summarizing and Displaying Data
			- Pies and Bar Charts
			- Center of data:
				- Sample Mean: Arithmetic average of data from a sample.
				- Sample Median: Middle value of an ordered data set, when even average the two middle values.
				- Sample Mode: Number with the highest frequency.
			- Spread:
				- Sample Variance: Measures deviation in squared units (?) 
				- Standard Deviation: Positive square root of the variance. Keeps original units. 
				- Range: Spread between maximum value and minimum range.
				- Interquartile Range: Difference between the the middle 50% of the data.
			- Steam and leaf
			- Histogram
			- Boxplot (Box and Whisker Plot):
				- 5 Number Summary: Minimum, Q1, Q2, Q3, and the Maximum
				- A box is drawn between Q1 and Q3.
				- A line is drawn through the box representing Q2.
				- Whiskers are drawn the the smallest and largest values within +- 1.5 IQR.
				- Anything beyond +- 1.5 IQR is an outlier.