## 08-23-2022
---
### Daily Metrics
**Hours of Deep Work:**
**Number of Words Written:**
**Pages Read:**
- [ ] Shutdown Complete
---
### Tasks:
- [ ] Call lock company.
---
### Ideas:
- Idea.
---
### Notes:
- Make sure to go to later P.L.C. session.
- Recitation I: Kinematics
	- Kinematics: Motion of a point-mass along the x-axis.
	- Point object moves in 1D and has a position and time.
	- Displacement x = final x - initial x
	- Average velocity = delta x over delta t where delta t >0
	- Speed versus Velocity: speed is a scalar (|arrow v sub x|) and velocity is a vector arrow v sub x.
- 2210 Introduction to Digital Logic 
	- Lecture 2:
		- Digital Numbers:
			- Number systems:
				- Binary
					- Base 2
					- 0, 1
					- Example: $1011_{(2)}= 1\times2^3+0\times2^2+1\times2^1+1\times2^0=8+0+2+1=11$
				- Decimal
					- Base 10
					- 0...9
					- Example: $943=900+40+3=9\times10^2+4\times10^1+3\times10^0$
				- Octal
					- Base 8
					- 0...7
				- Hexadecimal
					- Base 16
					- 0...9, A, B, C, D, E, F
			- Addition: Remember to carry
			- Subtraction: Borrow 1 and add the base
			- Successive Divisions (Integers)
				-Convert 20(b10)
				1. Divide by 20/2 = 10 R0
				2. Divide 10/2 = 5 R0
				3. 5/2=2 R1
				4. 2/2=1 R0
				5. 1/2=0 R1

Convert 72(b10) to binary, octal, hex

- 3113 Applied Engineering Statistics:
	- Lecture 1
		- Natural Variability: the realization that no two individuals are exactly identical.
		- Sampling variability: the realization that the results from any two samples are not exactly identical.
		- Statistics is the science of collecting, organizing, and interpreting data.
		- Statistical Inference: forming conclusions about a parameter of a population from statistics.
		- Individual: One of the items of interest to a researcher.
		- Variable is a characteristic recorded about each individual. Example weight.
			- Variables Types:
				- Quantitative: A variable with numerical value that is either continuous (temperature) or discrete (number of children per household)
				- Categorical (Qualitative): A variable that records which group to which an individual belongs. Ordinal variables have a ranking (poor, good, excellent) whereas nominal variables do not (red or white).
		- A population is ALL individuals of interest.
		- A Parameter is a numerical summary computed from a population. Average weight for example is a parameter.
		- Difference between variable and parameter. Variable is recorded. Parameter is computed from variables.
		- Sample: Subset of a total population.
		- Statistic: Is a summary computed from a sample. A statistic approximates a parameter.
		- Observational study: observes individuals and measures variables of interest. "Observe do not disturb"
		- Designed experiment manipulates attributes of a study and observes the consequences. The relevant factors are studied to draw a conclusion about cause and effect.