## 08-22-2022
---
### Daily Metrics
**Hours of Deep Work:**
**Number of Words Written:**
**Pages Read:**
- [ ] Shutdown Complete
---
### Tasks:
- [x] Go to Walmart.
- [x] Make appointments with Counselor.
	- Use S&T Connect.
- [ ] Call lock company.
---
### Ideas:
- Idea.
---
### Notes:
- 2210 Introduction to Digital Logic 
	- S&T Connect in Canvas in order to reserve office hours meeting (15 minute slots, up to 3 consecutive slots are allowed per appointment.)
	- Notes will be posted in Canvas after the class.
	- Textbook is available online: Stanley and Woodley, Introduction to Digital Logic and Components, University Printing. J. Seiffertt. Digital Logic for Computing, Springer, 2017. ISBN: 978-3-319-56837-9.
	- NOTE: Professor Alsharoa claims to like student questions and interaction.
	- Professor may be out traveling during the first exam.
	- Lowest graded homework assignment will be dropped from final grade calculation.
	- Quizzes will be announced a week prior and the lowest score will be dropped.
	- Attendance is importance. One absence is forgiven. It is possible to receive a score of -2 and more than 8 absences will result in a talk.
	- Have to pass final exam in order to pass course. Failure to pass the exam will result in not passing the class
	- There is a LEAD session for this class. Details to be announced.
	- Analog versus Digital signals
		- Analog:
			- Continuous
			- Difficult to work with
		- Digital:
			- Discrete
			- Not very exact as compared to analog but easy to work with electronically.
			- Signal errors can be corrected when digital.
- 3113 Applied Engineering Statistics
	- Office located in 116 Rolla Building
	- Engineering Statistics by Montgomery, Runger & Hubele
	- One quiz grade can be dropped.
	- Group Project.
	- No Homework scores are dropped.
	- 2 attempts per quiz. No makeup quizzes.
	- Questions regarding a grade must be submitted within a week of a grade being returned.
	- Attendance is mandatory. After 3 absences I will be dropped from class.
	- Grade will not be rounded up if at cut-off.
	- No final.
	- Lecture 1
		- 
- https://saar.mst.edu/
- (573)341-4272

---
(Control + Shift + Alt + D here.)