## 08-29-2022
---
### Daily Metrics
---
### Tasks:
- [ ] Make reference [[Mermaid Flowchart Cheat Sheet | note]] for flowchart syntax.
- [x] Move to **0 - Inbox**.
- [ ] Atomize notes.
- [ ] Move back to **1 - Daily Notes**.
---
### Ideas:
- Idea.
---
### Notes:
- 1575 Data Structures and Algorithms:
	- Dynamic Arrays:
		```c++
		int *p;
		p = new int[4];
		p[2] = 1;
		delete[] p;	
		```
		- p stores the address to the first cell of an array.
		- When invoking delete, it is important to include the square brackets.
	- Dynamic Multidimensional Arrays:
		```cpp
		int **grid;
		grid = new int*[2];
		for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++) grid[i] = new int[4];
		
		// Remember to deallocate the multidimensional array in the proper order.
		for (int j = 0; j < 2; j++) delete[] grid[j];
		delete[] grid;
		```
		- Pointer Arithmetic:
			```cpp
			int *p;
			*p = new int[4];
			p[0] = 1;
			p[1] = 2;
			// Work on this section later.
			```
			- This is possible because the items of an array are continuous in memory.
		- Const Keyword and Pointers:
			- There are 4 types of pointers:
				1. non-constant pointer to non-constant variable
				2. non-constant pointer to constant variable
				3. constant pointer to non-constant variable
				4. constant pointer to constant variable
			```cpp
			int a = 4;
			const int b = 8;
			int *p; // 1.
			const int *q; // 2.
			int const *r; // 3.
			const int const *s; // 4.
			```
- 2210 Introduction to Digital Logic: (Check posted notes)
	```mermaid
	flowchart LR
	A[Decimal]
	B[Binary]
	C[Octal]
	D[Hexadecimal]
	A-->B;
	B-->C;
	B-->D;
	```
	- Signed Number:
		- Signed numbers allow for the representation of negative numbers by reserving the most significant bit to denote negative values.
			- 1010 = -8+2=-6
		- Using 2's complement:
			1. Find positive number in binary.
			2. Apply 1st complement (convert 0 to 1 and vice versa.)
			3. Add 1 to the least significant bit (right most.)
- 31133 Applied Engineering Statistics:
	- Shapes of distributions: 
		- Symmetric (bell curve)
		- Left skewed
		- Right skewed
		- Mean and median are the most common measures of center.
		- The mean is heavily affected by outliers.
		- If the distribution of a data set is skewed, then it is best to use the median to summarize center and Interquartile Range to measure spread.
- Probability:
	- Probability: A measure of belief in the occurrence of a future event.
	- Sample Space(S): Set of all possible outcomes of a random experiment.
	- Event: A subset of the sample space.
		- This section makes heavy use of set notation.
		- null: An empty set represents an event that cannot occur, therefore $P(\varnothing)=0$.
		- union: $A\cup B$
		- intersection: $A\cap B$
		- complement: $(A')$ everything in the sample space not in a
	- Interpretation:
		- P(A) measures the likelihood that A will occur in any given experience.
		- If two events A and B contain no common outcomes, they are mutually exclusive (disjointed). $A \cap B = \varnothing$ therefore $P(\varnothing)=0$.
		- The probability of an event A is the |A|/|S|.
	- Axioms of Probability:
		- 0<= P(A)<=1, for any event A.
		- P(S)=1
		- If A and B are mutually exclusive, P(A\cup B) = P(A)+P(B)
---