## 09-07-2022
---
### Daily Metrics
---
### Tasks:
- [ ] Move to **0 - Inbox**.
- [ ] Atomize notes.
- [ ] Move back to **1 - Daily Notes**.
---
### Ideas:
- Idea.
---
### Notes:
- Data Structures:
	- Abstract Data Types and Data Structures:
		- Why?
			- Problem are often complex.
			- Mathematics can be used to tackle complexity.
			- Data structures tackle the complexities of data through mathematical organization.
			- Data consists of collections of objects
			- Mathematical objects include sets, sequences, functions, propositions, relationships, graphs.
		- Abstract Data Type: A mathematical object and its operations.
		- Data Structure: An implementation of an Abstract Data Type.
		- When problem solving, it is of utmost importance to select the proper data structure. 
		- Every data structure has costs and benefits, typically the trade off is between speed and memory efficiency.
			- Perhaps not all operations are available in a given data structure.
		- Data Structures in C++:
			- Data Structures -> class
				- data -> member variables
				-  operations -> member functions
- Digital Logic:
	- Design Process:
		1. Problem Specification
		2. Variables
		3. Truth Table
		4. Logic Function
		5. Circuit Implementation
- Engineering Statistics:
	- Lecture 5: Random Variables & Discrete Distribution
		- Random Variables: Maps outcomes of a random to a numerical sample space.
		- Probability Mass Functions: 
		- The mean can be found from a Probability Mass Function by taking a weigthed sum. This is also know as the expected value defined as:
			>$\mu=E(x)=\sum\limits_{\forall x}  x\cdot f(x)$
		- .
			> $E(g(x))=\sum\limits_{\forall x}g(x)f(x)$
		- The variance of X is given by
			>$\sigma^2=var(x)=E(x^2)-\mu^2$
			>where $E(x^2)=\sum\limits_{\forall x} x^2\cdot f(x)$
			
		- The standard deviation is $\sqrt{\sigma^2}$
---