## 09-12-2022
---
### Tasks:
---
- [ ] Move to **0 - Inbox**.
- [ ] Atomize notes.
- [ ] Move back to **1 - Daily Notes**.
### Ideas:
---
- Idea.
### Notes:
---
- Data Science:
	- ArrayList
	```cpp
	template<typename T>
	class ArrayList
	{
		T* m_data;
		int m_size;
		int m_max;
	}
	int size() const
	{
		return m_size;
	}
	void set ()
	{
		if(0 <= i &&) // Ask someone.
	}
	ArrayList()
	{
		m_may = 8;
		m_size 0;
		m_data = new T[m_max];
	}
	void insert(int i, T& x)
	{
		if(0<= i && i<= m_size)
		{
			for(int k = m_size; k > i; k--)
				m_data[k] = m_data[k-1];
			m_data[i] = x;
			m_size++;
		}
	}
	```
	- keyword `cerr`: Outputs text that gets flagged as errors.
- Physics:
	- Static and Kinetic Friction:
		- Friction is cause by the imperfections of two surfaces rubbing together.
		- Static versus Kinetic: Static frictions prevents motion from starting, kinetic opposes motion once in progress.
		- Static friction ($\vec f_s$) increases in magnitude opposite direction of a pushing force, but eventually maxes out. The maximum magnitude is given as:
			>$f_{s\ max}=\mu_sN$
			
			where $\mu_s$ is the coefficient of static friction (depends on materials.) $N$ is the normal force.
		- Once static friction is overcome and motion begins, kinetic friction ($\vec f_k$) begins to act opposite to the direction of the velocity. 
		- Unlike static friction, the magnitude of kinetic friction is roughly constant given by:
			>$f_k=\mu_kN$
			
		- The reason it is harder to start moving an object to to continue moving it is because static friction is that $f_s>f_k$ .
		- 
- Digital Logic:
	- Structured Logic:
		- Sum-of-Product and Canonical Form:
			- ?
		- Convert Simplified to Canonical Form:
			>$G=AC+AB$
			>$\ \ \ =AC\cdot 1+AB\cdot 1$ 
			>$\ \ \ =AC\cdot(B+\bar B)+AB\cdot (C+\bar C)$
			>$\ \ \ =ABC+A\bar BC+ABC+AB\bar C$
			>$\ \ \ =ABC+A\bar BC+AB\bar C\ \checkmark$		
	
		- Product of Sum:
			- .
		- Minterms are the terms in the function that defines a truth table.
			>$F(A,B,C)=\sum\limits_{i}m_i$
			
			where $m_i$	is a row 
- Statistics: 
	- Poisson Distribution:
		- is used to model counts over some interval of time.
		- A random variable $X$ has a Poisson Distribution its pmf:
			> $f(x)={{\lambda^xe^{-\lambda}}\over{x!}},\ x=0,1,2,...$
			> $E(X)=Var(X)=\lambda$
			
			$\lambda$ is the rate of occurrence of the event.
		- Notation: $X\textasciitilde Poission(\lambda)$
		- When dealing with different rates of occurrence in a problem best to create a new variable that satisfies the criteria. DO NOT TRY TO ADJUST THE RATE