## 09-15-2022
---
### Tasks:
---
- [ ] Move to **0 - Inbox**.
- [ ] Atomize notes.
- [ ] Move back to **1 - Daily Notes**.
- [x] Pick up Black Forrest Gummy Bears at Student Store.
- [x] Go to Student Success Center.
- [ ] Statistics Homework 3
- [ ] Physics Homework 8
- [ ] Walmart:
	- [ ] Motor Oil
	- [ ] Coolant
	- [ ] Brake Fluid 
	- [ ] Sketch Book
	- [ ] Graphing Note Books
### Ideas:
---
- Idea.
### Notes:
---
- Engineering Physics:
	- Centripetal Acceleration: The perpendicular component of the velocity of an object changes the direction of motion.
		- Uniform Circular Motion: motion in a circle with constant speed
			- Speed may be constant, but velocity is not therefore there is acceleration directed perpendicularly pointing towards the center of rotation.
			>$a_c={v^2\over R}$
		- Non-uniform Circular Motion:  if speed is not constant, two components of acceleration:
			>$a_c={v^2\over R}$
			>$a_{tan}={dv\over dt}$
		- Newton's Second Law:
			>$\sum F_r=ma_c=m{v^2\over R}$
		- Note: there are no special extra forces acting on the object making it rotate. The rotation is the result of the sum of force components pointing toward the center of rotation.
	- Rotating Reference Frames:
		- Pseudo-forces: Are the result of a non-inertial rotating reference frames, which would otherwise violate Newton's laws.
			- Examples include the Centripetal and Coriolis forces.
			- Since in this course no problem with attach the coordinate system to a rotating reference frame, there will be no need to consider centrifugal force.
			- Instead, we will be observing inertia.