## 09-14-2022
---
### Tasks:
---
- [ ] Move to **0 - Inbox**.
- [ ] Atomize notes.
- [ ] Move back to **1 - Daily Notes**.
### Ideas:
---
- Idea.
### Notes:
---
- Data Structures:
	```cpp
	template<typename T>
	class ArrayList
	{
		int m_max;
		int m_size;
		T* m_data;
	}

	int size() const
	{
		return m_size;
	}

	ArrayList()
	{
		m_max = 8;
		m_size = 8;
		m_data = new T[m_max];
	}

	void resize(int new_max)
	{
		T* temp = new T[new_max];
		for(int k = 0; k < m_max; k++)
			tmp[k] = m_data[k];
		delete [] m_data;
		m_data = temp;
			
	}

	void insert(int i, T& x)
	{
		if(0 <= i && i <= m)
		{
			if(m_size == m_max) resize(m_max * 2);

			for(int k = m_size; k > i; k--)
				m_data[k] = m_data[k - 1];

			m_data[i] = x;
			m_size++;
		}
	}
	```
- American History 1300
	- Chesapeake Colonies were mainly commercial. Maryland had some religious toleration.
	- New England was settled mainly due to religious motivations, deeply intolerant of other faiths.
	- Delaware was created as a resolution to a dispute between some colonists and William Penn by the King.
	- 3rd and 4th sons of sugar plantation owners in the West Indies decided to seize land from the Spanish in order to create the Carolina colony. Their aims were to provide the sugar plantations with food stuffs. 
	- Head right of 150 acres for any freeman of British citizenship. An additional 50 acres if a slave was brought along. This incentives an increase in slavery.
	- Rice was imported from Africa.
	- Rice versus tobacco growers became so hostile that the King stepped in and split the colony in two.
	- Most child slaves did not live to see their 16th birthday. The standing water of the rice fields harbored malaria and infection.
	- The Task system saw older relatives over seeing younger slaves. This system allowed African culture to be preserved.
	- Georgia was a failed reform colony that was subsequently taken over by the King.
- Digital Logic
	| A   | B   | C   | F   |
	| --- | --- | --- | --- |
	| 0   | 0   | 0   | 0   |
	| 0   | 0   | 1   | 0   |
	| 0   | 1   | 0   | 1   |
	| 0   | 1   | 1   | 0   |
	| 1   | 0   | 0   | 1   |
	| 1   | 0   | 1   | 1   |
	| 1   | 1   | 0   | 1   |
	| 1   | 1   | 1   | 1   |
	
	- Cononcial Form:
	>$F=\bar AB\bar C+A\bar B\bar C+A\bar BC+AB\bar C+ABC$
	- Minterms:
>	$F=\sum\limits_{A,B,C}m(2,4,5,6,7)$
	- Minimal Form:
>	$F=\bar AB\bar C+A\bar B\bar C+A\bar BC+AB\bar C+ABC$
>	$=B\bar C+A$
- Complete Logic Set:
	- Combination of Logic gates that can be used to implement any arbitrary function.
		1. NAND Only Logic:
			NAND
			A B AB $\bar{AB}$
			 0 0 0 1
			 0 1 0 1
			 1 0 0 1
			 1 1 1 0
			- A NAND with input A in both inputs becomes a NOT.
		2. NOR
		3. A.O.I
- Engineering Statistics:
	- Geometric Distribution:
		- Constant probability
		- Trials are independent
		- Trials are conducted until success is obtained
		- X= number of trials until 1st success
			$X$~$Geo(p)$
			$f(x)=(1-p)^{x-1}p,\ x=1,2,3 ...$
		- Notice that the range starts at as success cannot be attained prior to completing any trials.
	- Negative Bionoimal Distribution:
		- 
		- $X$~$NB(r,p)$
		- $f(x)={x-1\choose r-1}(p-1)^{x-1}p^2$